Muses
Muses is an audio quizbowl set written at the difficulty of a regular-minus high school set. Muses
consists of a single round of thirty-five tossup questions and zero bonuses. All questions are 60 seconds
in length and consist of five or more audio clips of varying lengths. Muses is the sequel to Muse, which
was first played as a side event at Triton Spring IV at the University of California, San Diego.

Correctness Guidelines
A. An answer that provides extraneous information shall be considered correct so long as all extraneous
information is also correct.
ex.
If the answer is Daft Punk and the audio clip being played is the song “Get Lucky”:
○ “Get Lucky” on Random Access Memories by Daft Punk
× “Get Lucky” on Homework by Daft Punk
B. Unique answer lines shall not be repeated; laterally equivalent answer lines (i.e. answer lines which
contain common links) may be repeated indefinitely.
ex.
The following answer lines may all appear in a single round:
○ “Bad Romance”
○ Lady Gaga
○ “Born This Way”
○ New York City
○ The Fame
○ extended plays by Lady Gaga
C. All questions will ask to name either the composer (this includes jazz composers), work (this includes
films), type of work, type of work and composer (e.g. symphonies by Justin Bieber), nationality of the
composers (e.g. Zimbabwe), or type of work and number (e.g. first symphonies).
D. Questions on works or work types require the name or type of the work as a whole, rather than the
name or type of a single movement or section (e.g. Beethoven’s ninth not “Ode to Joy”).

Questions and Answers
1. Name the composer.
ANSWER: Claude Debussy (or Achille-Claude Debussy)
2. Name the type of work and composer.
ANSWER: symphonies by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (or symphonies by Johannes Chrysostomus
Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart)
3. Name the work.
ANSWER: Messiah (or HWV 56)
4. Name the composer.
ANSWER: Joseph Haydn (or Franz Joseph Haydn)

5. Name the composer.
ANSWER: Franz Liszt (or Liszt Ferenc)
6. Name the type of work.
ANSWER: preludes (or praeludium)
7. Name the composer.
ANSWER: Aaron Copland
8. Name the composer.
ANSWER: Johannes Brahms
9. Name the composer.
ANSWER: Gioachino Rossini (or Gioachino Antonio Rossini)
10. Name the nationality of the composers.
ANSWER: United States of America (accept either underlined part; or U.S.A.)
11. Name the work.
ANSWER: The Magic Flute (or Die Zauberflöte; or K. 620)
12. Name the composer.
ANSWER: Edvard Grieg (or Edvard Hagerup Grieg)
13. Name the type of work.
ANSWER: tone poems (or symphonic poems; do not accept “symphonies”)
14. Name the composer.
ANSWER: George Frideric Handel
15. Name the work.
ANSWER: Schindler's List
16. Name the composer.
ANSWER: Franz Schubert (or Franz Peter Schubert)
17. Name the composer.
ANSWER: Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (or Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart)
18. Name the composer.
ANSWER: J.S. Bach (or Johann Sebastian Bach; do not accept “J.C. Bach”; do not accept “Johann
Christian Bach”)
19. Name the nationality of the composers.
ANSWER: United Kingdom (or U.K.; or Britain; or United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland;
accept England; do not accept “Scotland”; do not accept “Alba”; do not accept “Wales”; do not accept
“Cymru”; do not accept “Northern Ireland”; do not accept “Tuaisceart Éireann”)

20. Name the type of work and composer.
ANSWER: symphonies by Ludwig van Beethoven
21. Name the composer.
ANSWER: Camille Saint-Saëns (or Charles-Camille Saint-Saëns)
22. Name the work.
ANSWER: The Valkyrie (or Die Walküre; or WWV86B; prompt on “The Ring of the Nibelung”; prompt on
“Der Ring des Nibelungen”; prompt on “The Ring”; prompt on “Der Ring”; prompt on “The Ring cycle”;
prompt on “Der Ring cycle”; prompt on “WWV86”)
23. Name the composer.
ANSWER: Miles Davis (or Miles Dewey Davis III)
24. Name the nationality of the composers.
ANSWER: Russia (or Russian Federation; or Rossiya; or Rossiyskaya Federatsiya; accept Soviet Union;
accept Sovetskij Soyuz; accept U.S.S.R.; accept S.S.S.R.; accept Union of Soviet Socialist Republics;
accept Soyuz Sovetskikh Sotsialisticheskikh Respublik)
25. Name the work.
ANSWER: The Lion King (do not accept “The Lion King 1½”; do not accept “The Lion King II: Simba’s
Pride”)
26. Name the type of work and composer.
ANSWER: piano sonatas by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (or piano sonatas by Johannes Chrysostomus
Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart; prompt on “sonatas by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart”; prompt on
“sonatas by Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart”)
27. Name the composer.
ANSWER: Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov (or Nikolai Andreyevich Rimsky-Korsakov)
28. Name the nationality of the composers.
ANSWER: France (or French Republic; or République française)
29. Name the type of work and number.
ANSWER: fifth symphonies (or Symphonies No. 5)
30. Name the composer.
ANSWER: Antonín Dvořák (or Antonín Leopold Dvořák)
31. Name the work.
ANSWER: Spring (or La Primavera; or RV 269; or Op. 8, No. 1 by Antonio Lucio Vivaldi; prompt on “The
Four Seasons”; prompt on “Le quattro stagioni”; prompt on “The Contest Between Harmony and
Invention”; prompt on “Il cimento dell'armonia e dell'inventione”; prompt on “Op. 8”; prompt on “Op. 8,
No. 1”; prompt on “Op. 8 by Antonio Lucio Vivaldi”)
32. Name the composer.
ANSWER: Felix Mendelssohn (or Jakob Ludwig Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy)

33. Name the composer.
ANSWER: Ludwig van Beethoven
34. Name the work.
ANSWER: Rhapsody in Blue
35. Name the work.
ANSWER: The Nutcracker (or Shchelkunchik; or Casse-Noisette; or Op. 71 by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky; or
TH 14; accept The Nutcracker Suite; accept Op. 71a by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky; accept TH 35; prompt
on “Op. 71”; prompt on “Op. 71a”)

